GOAL

The goal for this program is to create a text-based version of an old game concept called Autumn's Realm,
using text descriptions but using buttons for player interaction. The game should begin with the player
choosing the type of character they would like to play, rolling random statistic scores, and applying those
scores to attributes for their character, and then being told an introduction around having arrived in a town
and learning that the town is seeking help to find some lost villagers. The game will proceed through identifying
what happened to the villagers, deciding what to do about the missing villagers, and doing things to resolve the
issues. The game needs combat mechanics and combats the player should face, but also some level of player agency
in determining what actions to take in resolving the story.

MECHANICS NEEDED
Attack mechanics: Player should be able to attack monsters and monsters should be able to attack them. A roll
needs to be made to determine how well the attack is executed. --IMPLEMENTED

Defense mechanics: Player should have a defense score of some form which an attack must overcome in order to
receive damage and vice versa with monsters. --IMPLEMENTED

Monster selection mechanics: The game should have a way to identify which types of monsters the player might encounter
and randomly generate a list of appropriate monsters for the player to fight.

Heal mechanics: Players and possibly some monsters should have mechanics for restoring hit points.

Inventory mechanics: Player should have an inventory of items they are carrying and should be able to look at
and use those items when appropriate.

Stat increase mechanics: Players should receive stat increases at appropriate time which change their ability
to succeed at attacks. --IMPLEMENTED

Negotiate mechanics: Players should have a way to negotiate with game characters and/or monsters to try and
convince characters/monsters to act in ways that benefit the player. --IMPLEMENTED

Save mechanics: Players should be able to save their game and reload their game at a later time to play further.